Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least, it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
Now...
...you are mine.
I don't give a damn about you.
The rear guard will be...
Guts...
I want you to do it.
Now, it's my job to
take care of the rest!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
The Hand of God
Hey, you're up early.
You really like high places, don't you?
Well, what do you think of the Hawks?
What do you mean?
Can you be part of it?
I don't know yet.
It's different here...
Everybody's the same in
ordinary mercenary bands.
It's easy to see that their ranks are full
of hoodlums and men with shady pasts.
But, I think something's different here...
I wonder if that's true...
If I had to explain why,
I would say it's Griffith.
Everyone sincerely admires Griffith...
Everyone expects great things
to come from staying with Griffith...
To sum it up, these men have gathered
together because of Griffith's charisma.
Of course, it's kill or be killed...
...we fight in bloody
battles every clay, but...
...strange as it sounds, we can live
like normal people as part of this band.
What kind of guy is Griffith really?
I don't know.
Now, now, listen...
I can't really describe it, but...
I think Griffith believes in something
beyond swordsmanship and tactics.
It's probably beyond his reach to turn his
belief into reality within a single lifetime.
People like us
could never understand it.
His belief?
In what?
In everything.
Hey rookie!
Griffith's calling you!
See ya.
Guts!
You can definitely find...
...your own place here.
Hey!
Won't you join me?
This is the best way to wake up.
No thanks.
Come on, join me.
Stop it!
We are not kids!
There's a good look!
Nice try!
They're awfully
feisty so early in the day.
That was good morning exercise.
Guts, you...
Now we're even.
All right, I surrender.
You are entirely too thick-headed.
Oh, this?
I got this from an old
fortune-teller woman long ago.
The Behelit...
This is also known
as the Egg of the King...
...for once you possess this,
you are destined to rule the world...
...in exchange for your flesh and blood.
Rule the world?
Catch!
I don't know how it works, though...
It looks alive, doesn't it?
It's creepy...
Isn't it fascinating?
I didn't hear your answer yet.
Why did you come back
to help me during that battle?
I didn't want to lose an outstanding
warrior like you in such trivial battle.
I put in so much work to get you.
Guts...
You should come along with me.
Now, we've taken only a step...
The Band of the Hawk itself,
and victory in several battles...
It's merely a
first step, just the beginning.
The real fun for us has yet to come...
...and we're ready to risk our lives for it.
I will get my own kingdom.
You must fight for me...
...because you belong to me.
I will choose the place
where you will die for me.
Get his own kingdom?
He's not a noble or
royalty, much less a knight...
He's no more than the leader of
a mercenary band of 500 or so...
But, he talks as if all that is his due...
The enemy numbers
about one thousand.
The first unit leads, while the
second and the third cover the flanks!
First unit, charge!
What have I really been
doing for the past four years?
Guts!
Give me my spear!
Be quick about it!
Don't be so damn slow!
Do you want to get me killed?
Gambino...
Come on, what are you doing?
Hey Guts, why don't you use a
smaller sword, one right for your size?
Never!
You thick-headed brat!
We don't carry any
swords for kids here anyway!
Is it true the kid
was born from a corpse?
Yeah, Gambino's wife, Shisu found him.
That's a sign of bad luck...
Shisu was cursed to die
because she took him from a corpse.
When I swing my sword, I don't
need to think about anything else...
To the victor go all the spoils!
Hey, Guts!
It's your first real battle, work hard!
Charge!
Gambino!
Watch your ass!
This is not a swordplay lesson!
Don't act like an idiot just
because you took one down!
Next!
Gambino!
What's up?
Look!
Here you go.
Well, keep it up.
Yeah!
Go!
We're close!
Charge!
Gambino!
Gambino, look at this!
I got the enemy commander!
I won the whole reward!
What about meat?
Meat...
...to feed him.
O-Okay...
What is it?
Just bring me the meat...
Bring it right now!
I'll go get it.
He's got it good, our Sir Gambino!
We should all follow his example.
Hey, what did you say?
What the hell did you say?
J-Just kidding...
Gambino?
G-Gambino...
It's unlike me to be so careless...
I expected you to drop dead long ago.
You should be dead, bastard...
So what happened?
Shisu, who found you,
dropped dead instead...
And now, I'm in this
miserable condition...
This is like a joke!
What kind of grudge
do you have against me?
You return evil for good!
Gambino, I...
You're a son of the devil.
A doomed child
raised under an evil sign...
You were the one
who deserved to die...
...on that clay eleven years ago...
...beneath your mother's body...
You should have died!
You were never more than a pest.
I hated you, following me
around like a dog after you killed Shisu.
You...
...should have died!
Y-You killed...
Shisu...
G-Gambino...
Gam...
What happened, a night raid?
Guts!
What the hell is going on here?
Don't tell me you did this...
You, answer me!
There's no doubt, he did it!
Wait a minute!
This isn't...
You'll pay for this!
Get him!
What happened?
What the...
It's Guts!
That kid just killed Gambino!
You've got to be kidding!
It's true!
Gambino raised him for over ten
years, but the kid repaid him with death.
It's no different
than murdering his father!
Why?
Why did this happen?
Wait!
You murderer!
Did we get him?
Yeah, I think so.
Falling from this height
would mean certain death anyway.
Either way, Gambino will
never be able to rest in the afterlife.
I can't move...
...my body is frozen...
Will I die here...
Will I...
Where am I going?
If I had stayed back
there, I'd be better off...
If I were dead back there...
There would be nothing more...
...but now, bad things are waiting...
Where...
It's the end...
..the end...
Yes, this is...
I have not changed
at all from back then...
Just killing enemies...
...only to survive...
Where do I want to go?
Where...
Hey, are you still alive?
Yeah, I think so.
You have the devil's own
luck, no matter what you do.
Here...
On the battlefield, a soldier's life
is worth no more than a silver coin.
As if it were nothing...
...most men's lives are controlled
by a handful of nobles and royalty.
Well, even a king is really
unable to live his life as he pleases...
We all just rely upon
this great flow known as fate...
Until we eventually leave this world...
Time will run out, and the tide of life will
recede before we know who we really are.
In this world...
...there must be one man
whose destiny is the key...
...to ruling the world, regardless
of his social position or class.
That man would be part of
this world's true privileged class.
That man could have the
absolute power of a god!
I must know...
...what my status really is in this world!
What has been
preordained for me in this life?
It's strange...
I've never told this to
anyone else before, only you.
Mr. Guts!
What's your problem?
I just wanted to congratulate you.
Mr. Guts, I heard that you were
promoted to commander of the Raiders!
It's amazing, you only have two
weeks of experience with the Hawks!
It's no big deal at all.
It is big!
You've become a
member of the Hawks for real!
Congratulations!
Just call me Guts.
Pippin!
Look, we fell!
You should be careful!
How could you do that?
A man draws his sword in order to
protect the small wound deep in his heart...
It was inflicted in the days long past,
at the farthest reach of his memories.
A man wields his sword in
order to depart life with a smile...
...in the days far ahead,
beyond the reach of his memory.
A kingdom in the west
and an empire in the east.
The war between Midland and
Chuder has lasted one hundred years.
During the war, the Grim
Reaper on the Battlefield...
...the Band of the Hawk...
...has increased its power greatly,
fighting on the side of Midland.
Three years have passed...
Charge, charge!
Tear them apart!
We, the Black Ram Heavy Cavalry...
...must lend our
courage to the entire Empire!
Kill them all!
Crush them to pieces!
I can barely watch my men!
They are thrown into confusion by
an army of only three thousand men!
Due to the opponent's fierce attack,
our army is enduring immense damage!
This route threatens to
cut us off from the castle!
I ask for anyone's help...
I beseech anyone who can stop
the march of Chuder's black devils...
Charge, charge!
What nonsense!
Fighting against us all by himself?
All right!
We'll shatter your bones!
D-Don't break up your formation!
Only one soldier is against us!
Encircle him!
Cut off his movements!
T-They are...
Your Majesty, look!
T-The Band of the Hawk!
They are the Grim Reaper on the
Battlefield, led by the White Hawk, Griffith!
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
Each person's gaze will be locked
on one whose feelings mirror their own.
To protect one's own happiness...
To fulfill one's own dream...
And...
...just to survive.
Is there ever a time where
one can live his own dream...
...without inflicting a
wound on someone else's heart?
Wind of Swords
-== [ www.OpenSubtitles.org ] ==-